Update databricks-configs.md (insert_overwrite incompatibility) (#4198)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/databricks-configs.md

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> #### Usage Notes
> * This strategy is not currently compatible with SQL Warehouses

Reviewer: 1. changed it to be a ["callout"](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md#callouts)
2. explicitly stated where is does work
3. perhaps also consider moving this to be directly under the section header at L101, instead of "buried" at the end?

```suggestion
:::caution
This strategy is only supported for General Purpose Clusters, not SQL Warehouses
:::
```
